Well, we are heading into our last full
week of June and Bitcoin right now is at
a breaking point. And of course in the
Casper Crew VIP Discord, we took the
long trade literally from the bottom set
up given in the moment on the 18th of
June as I told everybody I'm longing the
Fibonacci golden pocket and we are still
in the juicy short trade currently up
right now over $72,000 $80,000 in total
from the short trade given on May 14th
in the Casper Crew VIP
The reason I'm getting so tongue tied is
because this Bitcoin price action is so
insane I cannot even speak clearly. But
if we look at the macro chart, we are
seeing something a little bit
concerning. Yes, Bitcoin is coming down
to the bottom of this range. We have
broken down from the macro range that
we've been trading since February 6th.
We've gotten a bearish back test of the
POC and we are currently unable to
reclaim $65,000 value area low. On top
of that, there is a potential that we
are forming a bear flag with the target
coming down below $50,000
pretty much to our next major zone
support at the bottom of this range. And
the question is, is that going to
happen? Well, if we zoom in even more, I
think we will get the answer. Now make
sure to like the video, subscribe to the
channel right now. If you don't, I'm
going to lick this fly zapper while I
push the button giving my tongue AN
ELECTRIC SHOCK.
NOW IF WE ZOOM in even more, we can see
something very important. First of all,
the Bitcoin price has come down to the
bottom of this macro range that we've
been trading since the beginning of
February. We've taken out the low, a
swing failure pattern. We've actually
gotten a really nice close above the
level. As you can see here, if we go to
the weekly chart, we had a really nice
candle close that week. The second week
gave us a bullish blue candle and then
the third week, by the way, we only have
10 hours left in the week. If we see
what happened if the Bitcoin price
actually came down to bounce
from the Fibonacci golden pocket, the
618 right here, which again is why we
took that long trade in the CasperCrew
VIP Discord when we saw that we were
coming down to that Fibonacci golden
pocket currently up right now about, you
know, 14 grand, 13 grand. So,
what needs to happen for us to see more
upside? This is a breaking point.
I want to bring your attention to the
high volume node of the range.
If this is truly going to be a higher
low coming in here from our initial
first low, if this is truly going to
maintain bullish market structure where
we have our low, our high, our higher
low, and then we make a higher high, we
must hold above this high volume node.
That is coming in at around $64,000.
Going to go ahead and make the line a
little bit more clear so we can see
around 63,945 on Bybit. Now, you can see
that yesterday we did close the candle
above that. This is a bullish sign. You
can see that today so far we are holding
above that level. We tried to wick down
through it but got a bounce. Now, here's
the problem.
When you have price action over a
weekend, it's typically happening on
very low volume, which means you cannot
really trust these moves,
which means often times when the week
opens up,
we actually come back down to test the
level that we were at before the weekend
began.
Now, the good news here is that Thursday
was the day that we dipped into the
golden pocket, but I am keeping my eyes
right now on the $64,000 level
because if, as the week begins, we can
continue to hold this level, then I'd
say we could see a very fast squeeze
all the way back up towards $72,500.
Why do I say this?
I say this because if the majority of
the volume is below us, that is bullish.
That is very bullish. It's very key
support and trading above this level is
going to be bullish. And then when we
look at the daily candles, we see that
there's literally zero resistance
until we come up to the support
resistance flip around the mid-70s. Not
only this, if we pull the Fibonacci
from the high to the low, we're coming
up right around our Fibonacci golden
pocket there as well. But look, I'd say
there's no reason to get ultra bullish
right now unless we can close the weekly
candle above this level, and especially
close a few daily candles above this
level as the week begins. And ideally,
guys, we don't want to see a slow
painful grind. We actually want to see
clear continuation as the week starts.
We really want to start making higher
highs here. Otherwise, I do have to say
the probabilities remain the highest
that we come lower. So, this level right
here, 64K, is a breaking point. And if
we can't reclaim it, then I do think
that this idea of the bear flag here is
a valid idea. And the reason why I say
it, and again, the bear flag is we have
this impulse
from the high that we made here on the
14th of February from the short trade
that we gave in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord, right? And that is going to
bring us down to here where we've got
our flag, and then our target is coming
dipping down just below $50,000.
The reason why I think it's most
probable, if we can't reclaim that to
come down lower, is because Bitcoin
already made an attempt
at taking the lows of the range and
getting a move back inside. We've
already made that attempt. If this
golden pocket bounce is not the higher
low,
then I I feel like we failed that
attempt.
And then the highest probability is that
we actually do break down from this
flag, break down from this February
range in general, and the next major
support that we have is really going to
be coming in
in like the mid-50s, all right? With the
Fibonacci golden pocket from the bear
market bottom to the bull market top,
$54 to $58,000. And of course, the thing
that I'm keeping my eye on here is the
fact that when the price of any asset
forms a sideways range,
and then it comes outside of that range,
then it comes back inside that range
again. Oftentimes we start to respect
the levels within this range. Right? And
you can see
how this range here was resistance,
flipped to support, flipped to
resistance, then we broke out, we
back-tested it, we got a fake out of the
range, and then it just makes the most
sense. If we're back in it, our next
target would be back down towards
the bottom of this range, right where
our Fibonacci golden pocket lines up
with. Right? We see this happening all
the time with the Bitcoin price action.
For example, you know, you see something
like this where you're trading this
range, and then a few years later we
come back in, we're literally respecting
those levels
to the dang dollar. Right? You see it
all the time where you're trading this
sideways range right here, and then we
lose the range, we come back inside that
range. Once again, we are respecting
those levels. So, if we're going to be
dropping down here, you know, mid-low
50s,
low 50s to mid 50s could be our next
major area of support. Now, again,
when does the bear market end? The bear
market is on schedule to end in October.
October 2026.
Why is that our schedule? That is our
schedule because if you go back and look
at every single Bitcoin cycle, the low
comes in 365 days after the high. All
right?
The high in 2021 to the low
is about 364 days. All right? You can go
back and look at more cycles if you
want, they're all the same. But right
now, 365 days, that is going to be
coming right around the beginning of
October, give or take. So, that means
there's potential here for another low
before we enter into our bull run. One
last thing,
every time we come to the bottom of a
bear market, typically, we're coming
down lower than the 618 retrace.
Every time in history for Bitcoin, we
have actually come down to the 786
Fibonacci retrace.
This is lower than what a lot of people
want, but here's my main point. If we
are expecting another low,
if we know that at bottom's not quite in
yet,
if we know that the target of this
breakdown is in the high 40s or so, then
this gives us an area, a time frame, and
a price area to really DCA into Bitcoin,
understanding that if we come into this
area, historically, this is where the
low is. Historically, this is the zone
where if we buy, we will make a lot of
money in the next bull run.
And we don't have to be afraid,
but we can have a plan and say, "You
know what? I am bullish on Bitcoin. It's
a bullish asset. Cycles repeat every 4
years. Every 4 years, we come down into
the zone 365-ish days after the high,
and then we enter into a new bull
market. So, for me, this is a big plan
on spot Bitcoin to load up big time. And
I'm already 1/3 in Bitcoin.
I'm 2/3 in Tether, 1/3 in Bitcoin for
now. If we get that another big drop,
I'm going to deploy more, and then
hopefully ride this thing up above
$150,000
within the next few years. So, that's my
plan for Bitcoin, y'all. So, make sure
to like, subscribe, click the bell for
notifications.
That's it for today's video. May God
bless everyone in Jesus' name, in the
name of Yeshua the Messiah. I pray you
and your families are super blessed,
and I'll see everybody in the next
video.
Man, you're still here, huh?
That's pretty cool. You're one of the
real ones. You're one of the true ones.
All right.
I love you guys. Peace.